hey what's up my friends it's adam and
I've got a little stretch to destroy
today on bail out and I haven't been
uploading that much recently truthfully
because i have not been home I've been
away I went to a Leadership Program in
just a little like I want to have from
my house so it's not like I drove back
home so I stayed in a dorm and to tell
you the truth I went there thinking this
is gonna be this oh just something so
stupid and so dumb I got there there's
people hopping around like idiots and I
was just thinking this is gonna be at
the worst experience of my life it's
gonna be so boring it's gonna be four
days in my life that I'm never gonna eat
back and it was honestly one thing that
I just thought I could do and then check
off of my check off that would go on to
my College resume and our college
transcript I should say and something i
could just something really quick that I
could do just four days and it would be
something that would show up and
recognized by people that are gonna look
at mott look at me and see if I can be
in caption to colleges and stuff so I
thought why not go I got nominated by
one of my teachers so and that's another
reason why I didn't why did not go in
other words so yeah it was it was
actually truthfully um probably the best
experience of my life I don't want to
get like all I don't know Sam like I'm
just a sissy I don't know I'm trying to
think of words to use but I mean it
actually really like change me I don't
know I don't know how to explain it
really it was like I did it and
the first day I got that like I said I
was just not even wanting to do anything
I was just uh like trying to just get
through it as fast as i can and whatever
but actually that's the week went on or
the four days went on you were in this
group right so we started getting to
know each other a lot better and the
people actually turned out to be pretty
cool in my group and the whole the whole
camp the people were really cool so I
mean I met some like friends that I
would never have met before if I hadn't
gone to this program I mean these
friends that they will be like my
friends for the rest of my life I mean
they're going to be on facebook and i
will be connecting with them from now on
I mean these friends they are better
than some of the friends I've had I have
at school they're like just even better
than that they're absolutely awesome but
I mean it's just it was a great
experience and I'm hopefully you guys
can can forgive me for my rambling but
it was just absolutely the coolest
experience of my life it really was
can't really explain it to you guys if
it's just so awesome but um enough on
that and I have something else to go
over um the toolbar that I'd been
telling you guys and giving you clips
about and sit clips of the day and stuff
like that is actually um it's time is up
and it's time for me to cash out well
actually I can't yet in other words
that's why I'm telling you about it
right now I can't cash out unless I get
fifty dollars of actual rewards there's
bonus rewards and actual rewards and I
made fifty bucks off the promotional
roads and I've made about 45 off the
actual rewards and you have to make 50
to cash out so if you guys kid one more
time or a couple more times as many as
you'd like you don't have to I'm just
saying if you want to help me out get me
some money um I really would appreciate
it all you have to do is download it and
install it and it
get me to the point where I can cash out
and you'll never have to hear me talk
about a toolbar ever again so please if
you can the toolbar is in the
description below just go to the link
download it and install it and if you
don't like it you can uninstall it of
course just has my links to my stuff and
some facebook apps and all that cool
stuff so yeah if you could please
download and install it would be awesome
of you um I would thank you very much
really appreciate that um one more thing
to go over is the fact that a lot of
people weren't we're happy about me
talking about switching over to the Xbox
this was recorded a while ago by the way
so don't mind how I'm playing this map I
mean playing on ps3 still I haven't
played on ps3 since the since i went to
the program i haven't been on it since
before i went to the program i haven't
been on and i'm probably going to be on
the xbox 360 pretty soon i'm going to be
selling the ps3 and getting on the Xbox
I apologize for all ps3 players but I
want to play halo and stuff and I just
want to play some new games and halo has
some really fun games so hopefully you
guys can forgive me and I'm happy to
meet all the new xbox players pretty
soon so thanks much guys I hope you
appreciate walk I hope you are happy
with watching this video hope you
enjoyed it you can click the like button
if you want to but please download my
toolbar if you would that would be very
helpful of you um yeah that's all I got
guys thank you very much for your time
and watching the video and toolbar
alright yes peace out